# ShopAtSlot
Objective: The main of our application is to provide an effective way of approach to encourage social distancing and control the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. Using our application, a person will be able to order the required groceries and medicines from the stores that are within a 2km radius from the user's location according to availability. He will then be provided with a specific time slot at which he can go to the shop, where he will find his order packed and ready, and collect the items. This will help to keep social contact of that person to a minimum ans also increase the sales of the shops while trying to prevent the spread of the virus.  The main reason for this due to fall in economy, increased prices, shotage of items and products, increase in spread of virus by gatherings in public places,etc. All these can be seen from the link : https://www.indiatoday.in/mail-today/story/coronavirus-in-india-lockdown-hits-food-supply-prices-rising-1663148-2020-04-04  Implementation: We are planning to build an android application, which will display the user with the nearby shops with in a certain range of area, the availability of required items will be provided to the user with a time slot after the selection of them. The availability of each of the items will be updated in real-time in the cloud database linked with the shops. The customers and shops vendors should register inorder to either setup their shops or order the products for shops.  Applications: This application can be used to acquire various essential commodities and items like: Groceries, Vegetables, Medicines, etc. Further, this can be extended to any other items once the COVID-19 is controlled and can help people to easily locate their requirements.  Benefits: Minimizes direct contacts with a person, thereby preventing any contamination of the virus. Saves time by avoiding long queues. People can avoid searching for a specific product in various shops manually and use this application to locate the product. Induces a sense of trust in the minds of users, improving their mental stability.  Final result: We will be able to reduce the spread of Covid-19 by preventing the meeting of people at different public places. And easily buy the products and other groceries from the shops,etc by visiting the shops at specific time slots given fron the app to each user and selecting the products that we want to buy from the app without much interaction with of other people at the shop thereby reducing the spread of the virus. Once the campaign is done, if we are able to create an app successfully in a functional manner then we can bring it to the public for their use and develop it further based on requirement and needs.
